Release note 0.110 (#13411)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2020-05-20-release-110.markdown

## Weather card

We got a lot of feedback about the updated weather card of the last release, we listened and added some features.
You can now theme the colors of the new icons, and you can even completely replace them with an other image. You can also set the attribute you want to show as the secondary info.

Check the [docs](/lovelace/weather-forecast/) for more info

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/weather_card.png' alt='Screenshot of the weather card'></a>
Screenshot of the weather card.
</p>

## Calendar panel

Thanks to [@zsarnett] we got a beautiful new calendar panel! It shows you all items of the calendars you select in a month, week or day view.
There is also a calendar card for Lovelace in the making.

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/calendar_panel.png' alt='Screenshot of the Calendar panel'></a>
Screenshot of the Calendar panel.
</p>

## Supervisor

Have you seen the new supervisor UI? [@ludeeus] did a great job redoing it's UI! It now uses the same tabs as the configuration panel. The addon page is split into multiple tabs, the addon store is cleaned up and you can view all logs in system tab now (requires expert mode).

> Some advanced addons are now also marked "expert" and are only visible when you are in expert mode.

Reviewer: Advanced mode, unless we rebranded it in 0.110 and I missed it

Author: Adjusted thanks!

load all the icons if you just need one; besides that, we no longer store the
icons in the DOM but in a database.

This saves a lot of memory and thus makes the Home Assistant frontend,
even more, leaner and faster!

## Integrations grouping, searching & custom logos

[@timmo001] added the possibility to search your integrations, so you can find
what you are looking for quickly.

We also grouped the entries by integration now, this means we no longer show
multiple cards for the same integration, but show a list of the names if there
are multiple entries.

If you click the entry, it will show that entry in the card.
This makes it easier to keep an overview of all your integrations.

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/integrations.png' alt='Screenshot of the integrations page'></a>
Screenshot of the integrations page.
</p>

Oh! We've also made the icons and logos available for custom integrations!

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/custom_logo.png' alt='Screenshot of the HACS integration with its icon shown'></a>
Screenshot of the HACS integration with its icon shown.
</p>

> [@timmo001]: https://github.com/timmo001

Reviewer 2: Looks out of place, should probably be at the bottom with the rest (not that anyone sees it)

Author: No, because the bottom part is generated and will be replaced on the final release. Hence links not provided by the bottom part are in-line.

There is also a calendar card for Lovelace in the making.

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/calendar_panel.png' alt='Screenshot of the Calendar panel'></a>
Screenshot of the Calendar panel.
</p>

## Weather card

We got a lot of feedback about the updated weather card of the last release,
we listened to feedback and added some features. You can now theme the colors
of the new icons, and you can even completely replace them with an other image.

You can also set the attribute you want to show as the secondary information.

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/weather_card.png' alt='Screenshot of the updated weather card'></a>
Screenshot of the updated weather card.
</p>

Check the [documentation](/lovelace/weather-forecast/) for more information.

## Internal & External URLs

There are many cases an integration needs the URL/link to your Home Assistant
instance. For example, to set up a webhook, communicate audio files or camera
streams to an Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant device.

We used to have a `base_url` setting to deal with those cases, but that wasn't
always sufficient. Some integrations require specific requirements for that

> setting, which could lead to conflicting settings or impossible settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
setting, which could lead to conflicting or impossible settings.
```

</p>

## ONVIF

The ONVIF integration did get lots of love from [@hunterjm]! ONVIF Profile S
conformant camera's, can now be set up via the UI!

And that is not all... It now leverages more features of the ONVIF protocol:
pull point subscriptions. This means that events from ONVIF will now
show up in Home Assistant as well. So, if your ONVIF compatible camera supports
things like motion, object or sound detection, those will be available now!

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/onvif.png' alt='Screenshot of an ONVIF camera in Home Assistant'></a>
Screenshot of an ONVIF camera in Home Assistant.
</p>

## Supervisor

Have you seen the new supervisor UI? [@ludeeus] did a great job redoing it's UI!
It now uses the same tabs as the configuration panel. The add-on page is split
into multiple tabs, the add-on store is cleaned up and you can view all logs
in the system tab now (requires expert mode).

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/blog/2020-05-0.110/supervisor_panel.png' alt='Screenshot of the Supervisor panel'></a>
Screenshot of the Supervisor panel.
</p>

Some advanced add-ons are now also marked "expert" and are only visible when

> you've enabled expert mode on your user profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some advanced add-ons are now also marked "advanced" and are only visible when
you've enabled advanced mode on your user profile.
```
